So, one thing we of course did not do in the last video.
So, we did the truffle unbox webpack,
and then now we also need to install OpenZeppelin so that we can import this contract.
So, we didn't do that in our last video.
So, let's do NPM install the VCM in my video,
the starNotary version two.
So, I'm doing NPM install, open Zeppelin-solidity.
Now, this just takes a little while to go through it,
and then once it does that,
lets in fact go back to our editor.
So, if you see my editor, I'm actually in my project right now.
The directory, I've added the directory.
So, whatever editor that you're using,
let me just quickly scroll up.
So, in my starNotary version two.
Now, this was in version one I did. This is version two.
Let's do some clean up here.
So, we're going to go into contracts folder.
Remember, we don't need any of these except the migration so
let's go delete this file now.
We don't need the second one, also the MetaCoin.sol.
Again, this is all boilerplate code that comes along,
that we don't need and we're just going to do some clean up here.
Don't need that and in the testing also, we don't need,
remember this one, which is the MetaCoin testing file.
We don't need that so I'm going to go delete that.
Fantastic. I'm just doing some clean up here
until the installation opens up when this is happening.
So, we're deleting anything that we don't need.
So, I cleaned up my contracts folder except the migrations file left,
and except in the test environments.
I left this one and everything else I've just deleted.
So, now let's go see if open Zeppelin has happened.
Fantastic. So, it's all happened.
So now, let's go back to my editor,
and we're going to look at how this file,
the one that we were just looking in our GitHub page,
so let's go to our open summary, then Node Modules.
I'm going to scroll down you might see me scrolling down
fast because I'm trying to get to open Zeppelin that starts with O.
Then I'm going to show you how to get you to the file.
So, that opens Zeppelin,
just because it did open NPM install, it comes right there.
Go into the Contracts folder.
Once in a Contract folder,
you can go into token folder and then ERC 721 folder,
and then ERC 721.sol.
So, that's the file that we're looking at.
Fantastic. So, that's the file.
If you look in this file, this is what that we were just looking at on the GitHub page,
also there's some functions that they've implemented.
Of course, we'll add some more of ours too in our contract.
But again, the first one I want you to look at is owner of function,
what they're doing in this function.
If you see all it's doing is that,
it's taking in the token ID of the token to query,
the owner up and returns the token address and
returns the address of whoever currently is the owner of that token.
So, that's that. Another function I want you to look at is a mint function.
So, let's go find the mint function.
So, that's the mint function right there.
So, this is used to create new tokens.
It is taking in two parameters,
address of the newly minted tokens and the token ID.
It also checks to see if the address isn't
a zero address and then it calls the add token function.
So, that's what it's doing in this function mint.
That means you're creating new tokens and
it's doing some error handling and then it's adding this function.
Now, let's go find this function,
see what's happening there.
This is the addToken function.
What's happening in addToken again,
it's taking in two parameters,
the address that will own the tokens and that unique token ID.
Now, again I wanted to tell you this as an internal function the way it's implemented.
What that means is that, you'd likely limit this call to the owner of the contract.
So, what this is doing,
is that this function is left internal.
First of all, I wanted to mention but it's not intended to be called by custom.
You don't want anyone to call the rights.
You want to limit it to whoever is calling and that's the reason it's internal.
So it takes in two parameters and then it further changes the mapping.
So based upon your adding a token so if you see,
you're adding a token, add one.
So, what you're doing is that whoever to the address is,
you're adding one token.
Now, I want you to pay attention to this because we will use this in future,
and I'm going to ask you in one of your projects to
change and mint different number of token,
but for now we're just minting one a token to this two address.
Now, also one function I wanted you to look at,
is the removeToken functions.
Similarly, just like the addToken function,
is taking in two parameters,
also an internal function.
The from is of course the address of the previous owner of the given token ID and
the token ID is of course the token ID that you wanted removed from whatever.
First of all, the first thing it checks is that,
whoever is calling is the right owner of this token,
and then it's changing the mappings accordingly.
Also, what it's doing and once it removes token,
it's also setting this to zero,
so that in future if you're doing any error handling,
you will get back at zero to making sure that this address does not own this token.
So, we're just doing some stuff here.
So we have addToken, removeToken.
We looked at the mint token function.
This is how it implements.
So, now what we're going to do is start importing these files into our contracts,
so we can personally make our contract or
our starNotary version two ERC 721 standard token.